README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

docs: add title, description and technologies on documentation

README.md, after:

# 🍔 FSW Donalds

## 📄 Description
FSW Donalds it's an application created for customer's self-services, where they can choose them foods without get a line and waste time. It's an application prototype that can be used to make it easier and faster the service process for real businesses

## 🚀 Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## 🛠️ Technologies
### Build application with:
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black)
### Design pages with:
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![ShadCN UI](https://img.shields.io/badge/ShadCN_UI-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=shadcn&logoColor=white)
### Create and connect the database with: 
![Prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-2D3748?style=for-the-badge&logo=prisma&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Neon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Neon-0E1129?style=for-the-badge&logo=neon&logoColor=00E599)
### Gateaway to payments with:
![Stripe](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stripe-635BFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=stripe&logoColor=white)
### Deploy application with:
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)
